GPA your grade point average, for 90% of jobs, doesn't matter at all.
They just care if you, the fact that you graduated is more than enough.
Whether you got a C or B or an A, chances are, most of the stuff
that you learned in college, you're not going to be using anyways and
employers know that. They just want to know if you can have a structured
regimen that you follow from beginning to completion, along
with other people to succeed in the class and if you'd done that, then
good enough. However, some jobs do require you to be an expert in
your field and although it's not the perfect indication, your grade
point average is a high indicator of that success. 3.8s, 3.9s, 4.0s
are the things that some of the places are looking for. Google, they
take the top. Facebook, Twitter, at least for programmers, they take
the top. However, those jobs are only 5%. For the vast majority of
the time, GPA doesn't matter.